a teenage boy falls in love with his
neighbor and many secrets get revealed
after digging a bit more about him
welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called an american
affair from 2008. spoilers ahead watch
out and take care and i hope you enjoy
it at the beginning of the movie we saw
the main character of the movie named
adam adam was in high school he told his
friend the boy over there is calling you
gay are you not going to do anything
about it actually you can't even do
anything about this after talking to him
like this adam's friend beat the [ __ ]
out of that boy when the fight ends adam
also tried to beat that boy but since he
studies in a catholic school the sister
came there and took them with her both
of them were given detention for the day
adam's friend was mad at him because the
fight began because of him adam also
realized he did something very wrong he
said sorry to him because of the fight
one of adam's teeth broke he went home
and fixed his tooth with glue while
having dinner at night he was reading
some nude magazines but then he saw his
neighbor his neighbor is the other main
character of the movie her name is
catherine catherine was with a man and
she had very little clothes on her body
adam got excited after seeing her he was
curious about catherine after his school
ended he spied on her with binoculars he
found all the information about her with
his binoculars one day when catherine
was not home adam went there and took
her mail he read the mail when he was
coming out of her house after reading
the mail catherine noticed him she asked
him what are you doing here adam said
i'm looking for a job i want to go on a
trip to europe and i need some money if
you have any jobs for me then i'm ready
to do anything catherine told him to go
in and asked him what you can do adam
said i can manage everything usual like
garden and house stuff catherine agreed
to give him the job of her garden
catherine had a photo of her and
president kennedy catherine told him
president kennedy was her friend being
friends with president kennedy was a big
achievement for everyone adam's mom once
met the president and she was excited
adam watches her all night through the
window and takes pictures of her as well
the next day in school adam's friend
faith talked to him she liked him and
she invited him over to her house this
evening with the excuse of listening to
music but while they were talking to
each other a sister came there and took
adam with her after coming back home
from school adam went to catherine's
house he told her that you told me to
clean your garden adam saw many
paintings in katherine's house she made
them by herself adam told her i only see
colors in these paintings there are no
humans or animals in these paintings
catherine told him you can see whatever
you want to see in these pictures
even though these paintings are dying
slowly she took adam to show her garden
that was a beautiful garden she had but
she told him to destroy the whole garden
after that she will plant new trees here
adam realized the flowers of this garden
were not so great and they got dried too
quickly and that's why catherine is
rebuilding the garden
adam started working on the garden and
after some time catherine came there she
was well dressed adam told her you're
looking beautiful catherine smiled and
left when adam came back home at night
his parents noticed his clothes were
dirty he told them he works in
catherine's garden
his mom became upset because of this she
told him catherine is such a different
type of woman she's not like us
she has done many bad things she was
trying to tell him the character of
catherine was not good adam said you
guys told me to earn some money adam's
dad agreed with him and said you can
work for sure but come back home right
after finishing your work adam was
watching catherine through the window
and there were two or three cars outside
of her house he pulled out his
binoculars and saw president kennedy was
there he was shocked after seeing this
the next day when he was working in the
garden he asked catherine that you told
me earlier president kennedy is your
friend you told me the truth last night
i saw him in your house catherine got a
bit angry and said forget about it no
one should ever know about this some
things need to stay private adam knew
catherine had a son he had asked her
about that as well catherine told him
that at present he would be like your
age he was so sweet catherine takes adam
like her son and adam does not like this
at all from their conversation we found
out catherine and her husband had a
fight between each other they don't like
each other after some time catherine
went outside and adam went after her
actually catherine went to meet lucian
lucian actually works for catherine's
agency their agency works to supply
girls for influencers like presidents
and businessmen lucian was telling
catherine to tell president kennedy
about a political event he told her to
convince the president but catherine was
not close to the president and she could
not talk to him about this catherine
told him he doesn't listen to me at all
that night was the last time she met the
president this evening faith invited
adam over to her house adam went to her
house to listen to music but suddenly
they kissed each other while kissing
adam's tooth fell off that he had fixed
with glue faith found it gross and told
him to fix his tooth after fixing your
tooth we will meet again when adam told
his parents his tooth had broken they
got angry with him they told him you
should have told us about this earlier
his mom was upset about this adam also
became very upset and went outside
catherine's house he looked inside her
house and saw there was a party inside
he looked through the window but then
catherine's husband caught him his name
is graham he told him this is very wrong
to spy at someone's house i can get you
arrested graham took him inside the
house catherine was on drugs with her
friends graham asked her what happened
to you why did you come so far from me
catherine told him after our son died
you should have looked after me graham
wanted to get back with her he wants his
family back but there was a big fight
between them graham was the only one who
told catherine to have sex with the
president catherine told him everyone
knows what we've done and they laughed
at us graham felt sad about it and he
left her house the next day adam was
spying on graham as well graham came to
meet lucian they were discussing what
they should do about catherine
graham told lucian that katherine has a
private diary of hers whatever happens
with her she writes that down in her
diary that was a very big risk for
lucian but it was a safety protocol for
catherine if her agency tries to hurt
her then she can expose everything after
knowing about the diary adam came to
catherine's house when she was not home
he found the diary but suddenly
catherine came there with a guy adam hid
himself in the closet and saw them
having sex after that guy left catherine
told adam that i know you're here your
bag is still outside adam said sorry to
her but catherine said it's okay you
were just curious she warned him next
time be careful don't do this again
tonight adam had a party with his
friends they played a game and adam and
faith had to stay in the closet for one
minute adam told faith i fixed my tooth
after that they kissed each other he
wanted to have sex with faith like the
way he saw catherine yesterday but faith
got a bit uncomfortable for this she got
mad at him and left the party when adam
came back to his house he saw there was
loud music playing in catherine's house
therefore he went to her house to have a
look catherine was showering in the rain
after seeing adam she got inside the
house she was drinking so she offered
adam a drink she started painting with
adam adam tried to kiss her but she
stopped him and they played with the
paint the next morning adam's parents
were discussing something actually
adam's father got transferred to a new
place his mom was worried about him and
how she's going to manage him alone when
she went to his room to wake him up they
saw all of his clothes and bed sheets
were covered in paint his mom got mad at
him when his mom found out that last
night adam was in catherine's house she
told her husband to go to catherine
right now and tell her to quit every
relationship she has with her son adam
does not need to work for her when his
father went to catherine's house he saw
lucian was there lucian talked to him
and he told him everything about himself
he also told him he was getting
transferred
adam's father told catherine not to give
him any jobs catherine also agreed with
him after coming home his father was
also mad at adam he told him from now on
you'll have no relation with catherine
you will go to school and then come back
home today lucian was telling catherine
to convince the president some things
need to be changed otherwise we will
have to change the president catherine
realized something bad was about to
happen she called the president and
tried to warn him but he was ignoring
her completely at night she went to the
white house she told the guard if
someone shoots the president will you
stand in front of him to save his life
the guard replied i will honestly do my
duty in the next scene we saw that
president kennedy was assassinated when
adam got the news he went to catherine
she looked disturbed and she was crying
adam tried to cheer her up catherine
said it's not my fault he's dead i tried
to warn him many times with this chance
adam tried to have sex with her but
catherine got mad at him and kicked him
out of the house catherine saw that her
diary was missing and it was so
important for her she came to adam's
house but his mom didn't let her meet
with him catherine told her adam has
something that belongs to me please ask
him to give it back to me graham also
came to catherine's house to meet her he
told her please give me the diary you'll
be safe but catherine said when i
married you you were a different person
but now you've changed so much
graham said the president had to die he
didn't listen to anyone it's no one's
fault that he's dead he said sorry to
her he also told her after our son died
i always thought it was only your fault
but it was just an accident and it was
not her fault graham told her please
forgive me i want to start a new life
with you he told her we will go to a new
country far from these things
catherine also agreed with him in the
evening she went to meet lucian and told
him i'm not giving you the diary the
diary is my only safety if anyone tries
to hurt me i will expose everything
lucian said okay but i will find it for
sure i know you have hidden that to
someone whom i will never doubt lucian
knew adam had the diary and catherine
was scared about it he went to adam and
told him please give me my diary back
i'm about to leave this country adam
asked her why are you leaving she said
to find the purpose of my life my art my
son gives me my meaning in life but as
you start to grow up you lose them but
you should always look for them you
should always try new things this was a
life lesson for adam the next day when
adam came back early from his school he
saw his room was messy lucian came to
his house and took the diary of
catherine with him adam went to
catherine's house and saw lucian was
there he has burned the diary lucian
told him catherine was mentally
disturbed she lived her life with fun
but at the end she was a bit confused
whatever you've seen and read don't ever
tell this to anyone else adam asked him
where's catherine lucian told him he was
about to meet her today in a place then
adam went to that place where he was
about to meet her but catherine was dead
she died from falling when her husband
found out he felt sad and angry but he
had nothing to do against lucian after
the death of catherine adam was upset he
didn't play with his friends in school
because he was the one who started the
fight between his friends all of his
friends beat him together he was
regretting what he had done when he came
back home from school he got a courier
from catherine she sent this courier to
adam before she died in that box there
were some parts of a painting after
placing them together he saw it was his
painting catherine made that for him
after the death of catherine adam got a
life lesson he will learn from this
experience and move on with his life to
watch more explanations of these kinds
of movies click on the videos on your
screen and don't forget to let me know
how you feel about today's video in the
comments down below and at last i will
say stay safe stay well thanks